I was venting to it. I was like, "God


damn it, I don't want to clean the snow


today." And it asked me, "Do you want me


to find someone?" And it actually went


on the website, found someone,


negotiated the price, and the funny


thing is like our doorbell is not


working. So the guy just entered through


like another door, he found the shovels,


and without even ringing our doorbell or


anything, he just cleaned the snow. And


then he just called me on the phone.


Hey, I'm outside. I'm done. And I'm


like, whoa, whoa, that happened.


>> This is Kids. He was one of the first


users of Open Cloud. While most people


didn't even know that OpenCloud existed,


he already had 13 agents wired into his


life. His calendar, his email, his home


assistant, his printer, his phone, his


fridge. He plugged Open Cloud


everywhere. In this episode, kids show


us all setup. What works, what broke,


what he's building next, and why he


think people who don't get it are about


to get left behind.


>> So, it's like someone is giving you like


a god computer that can do anything. And


your first thought is like, I don't know


what to use this for. It's like


mind-blowing to me. And trust me, people


will watch this video and there will be


comments, nah, I don't know if this is


that useful.


>> Let's deep dive into the 39 ways you can


use Open Cloud to optimize your life.


>> But I hope this entire conversation


sparked something in you in your life


like damn I can solve this, I can solve


that, I can start a business. I always


want


>> So Kit, I know that you said that you


stop trying to convince people to try


Open Cloud. There's people who don't get


it. They don't want to get involved in


it. But for someone who is watching this


video and have no clue about what Open


Cloud is, what would you say to this


person to convince him to try?


>> I love how you jump straight into the


deep end. No intro, no. Hey kids, how


are you doing? Everything good on your


end. You're like, tell me about Open


Claw. I don't care about your life. I


love it. Um,


the vibe has shifted around Open Claw. I


think uh it's following the natural


progress of like everyone being hyped


about something and then eventually the


hype dying down and then just the people


who actually find usage for it, those


are the only ones who will continue


tinkering with it and continue using it


basically. So in my personal experience


there's a lot of laring and there's a


lot of pretend productivity with open


claw where


for example for the first time in my


life I was late with paying my mortgage.


I missed three different appointments. I


drove to my veterinarian instead of


driving to the dentist. So I missed an


appointment there. So, it seems like


when you're setting this up with like 13


agents and everything else, it would


make your life more uh organized. And


the reality is like I'm spending more


time on improving my setup than my life


actually being fixed. So, what I would


tell beginners or someone who is


actually starting with this is


the thought of fixing your entire life


at once is going to excite you, but try


to try to fix like one thing. for


example, I don't know, managing your


caliber or or whatever. Um, cuz it it's


funny like my open clock can do [ __ ]


like it can rewire my Ziggby lights and


pear to Home Assistant, but then I ask


it, can you move this event in my


calendar? It's like, oh, sorry, the


connection to the calendar is buggy. And


I'm like, that that misses the entire


point, you know. Um, yeah, let me know


what you want to what you want to know


exactly and I'll try to be more


specific. No, I I totally understand


you. Like I was telling the same to my


fiance the other day because I spent my


entire days like trying to optimize


everything about my open cloud and then


I forgot to actually apply what he gave


me. He gave me crazy stuff, crazy


content to do and I forgot to apply. And


I think that's what you say like you


have to


>> be careful about it and apply actually


what he says to you.


>> Yeah. and and and try to do one thing


instead of I tried when I set this up. I


tried to fix everything in my life. Like


let's do um groceries and shopping on


Amazon and calendar and to-dos and


habits and it's like trying to fix 50


things but they're all like half fixed


that none of it works. Like when I ask


it do something in the browser it's like


which method do you want me to use? I


tried to use this but it and I wish I


could just go one step at a time like


we're doing um you probably heard of


Tinker Club by now. Uh you'll probably


link it and we'll talk more about it


later but we started doing this like


challenges daily challenges in the


discord that it feels like a gym for our


open clause in a way. So every day you


try to give it like one skill and to


solve one problem and that's it. You


might be tempted to do all the


challenges at once, but do one thing


today and then in 30 days when you look


back, you would have done like 30 new


additions of of like what your open claw


can do. And I think that's a much better


approach. But when you first set it up,


you're excited and you're like, I want


to do everything.


>> Yeah. I think it's like taking it as a


new employee in your life. Like you will


not say, okay, fix everything. You will


go task per task and explain everything


if process actually.


>> You understand? Yeah, it makes sense. Uh


what is your setup? I know you


you shared not long ago you was using


Discord. You have different channel for


like your different part of your life.


Like did you upgrade that? Did you


change anything about it?


>> I


like my setup right now is a mess to be


honest with you. I'm reaching the


limitations of every chat platform. Like


I don't like Telegram. Like I I created


10 bots and they all take care of a


different part of my life. take care.


They don't do anything for now. But I'm


just experimenting like what is the


right way to use this tool? Because when


you have like 10 bots and then you have


like one Discord channel and then you


have multiple topics and then within the


topics you have threads, you get lost in


the who am I talking to in which channel


in which like it's that bell curve meme


of like have one-on-one conversations on


Telegram and then you go multi- aent


multi- channel setup and then eventually


you go and you're like yeah just have


one agent and talk to them on Telegram


and they should maybe shop your


groceries and also vibe code your apps.


Um so it's tricky. I've been


experimenting. I'm making my own app


which talks to the open claw gateway. So


it's not like a open claw alternative


but it's like a chat app that talks to


the open claw gateway and what I've done


in it so far is you have topics but you


have nested topics which discord doesn't


have and a topic can be for example uh


home and work and then within work we


have projects topic and within projects


topic we have let's say tinker club and


within tinker club we have tinker club


landing page. So for that particular


topic I can right click it edit it and


choose which agent will answer in this


topic by default and I can choose let's


say my customer support agent will be or


my five coding agent will be assigned to


this particular topic. So that's part


one. Part two, what's cool about my app


is you can assign context to every one


of the topics. Like you can write a


little description. So I can say in my


work topic, I can write, "Hi, I'm K and


this is what I'm doing. I'm VIP coding


on many products blah blah blah." You


can find them in that particular


directory on disk. So that's part one.


Then we have projects. So we have work


where I describe my work. We have


projects where I describe my projects.


We have Tinker Club where I have to


describe Tinker Club is this platform


community blah blah blah blah. And then


we have Tinker Club landing page and in


it I point to hey this is the landing


page. This is where it's located on


disk. This is what methodologies we use.


This is what we want to happen. This is


what we don't want to happen. And now


anytime I start a new conversation


within the thinker club landing page, it


has all the context from all the parents


basically. So it knows this is the


landing page. This is the description.


That's the parent description. That's


his project in his work. So now it has


like this knowledge tree. It's it's not


like a lot of times when talking to


openclaw, it feels like you're talking


to the void. It feels like it feels like


it it loses all of its memory and it


loses all of its context. So you will


tell it, hey, fix my Tinker Glove


landing page. And you were like, huh?


And I'm like, [ __ ] we talked


about that like 15 minutes ago. How do


you forget about it? In my app like when


you click new chat anytime in the first


message everything is injected so he


knows exactly like you know which agent


you're talking to and you know


the agent knows which context is it in


so it doesn't it's really too far from


from the thing. So I'm trying to make


this work but inventing your own chat


app like you cannot make it as smooth as


Discord like once you try to make it you


realize how much work does it go behind


doing something like Discord and Slack


and making sure that you know uh


making sure that every part moves


smoothly.


>> Did you fix the memory because you say


that all the you say like you didn't fix


it. No,


>> I saw few.


>> I I I don't even I don't even try to


deal with my memory because uh for me


that's like an advanced step that too


many people are taking too early. And I


think once I have my app that I'm


working on and once I fix that, I know


who am I talking to in which channel,


then the next step will be solving


memory. But for now, I feel paralyzed


when I need to do something. I feel like


um decision paralysis of like where do I


dump this and who do I give this to you


know and ironically in the first day of


open glow I had it only on telegram I


was walking my dog and I was so


productive I was like handling customers


doing web research and a bunch of other


[ __ ] and now if I want to do something


I'm like which agent which channel which


topic so


and that's the current state of things


man


>> because I saw your video and I saw you


on Discord talking to all this guy and I


was like [ __ ] like that's maybe like the


the way to do it and then now you say


that and it's true that I'm just using


telegram and it works pretty well like


talking to one person


>> and having all these different agent


that are imaginary in a way.


>> Yes. Yeah.


>> Yeah. Can you just tell me a little bit


more about how you use it daily because


you say that you used it like for Tinker


Club for your other business like let's


focus on the business part like how do


you use it daily? What are the biggest


task that you give and that are 100%


right now


>> zero like right now my setup I went from


being super productive with it to being


just feeling like paralyzed by you know


decisions that now I'm just tinkering


with my setup but it's not doing


anything useful meaning I have customers


yelling at me or like hey man you didn't


answer me you didn't do this you didn't


do that and I'm like ah how to explain


to you guys that my setup is not good


enough for me to deleg delegate work in


it because I had a telegram bot uh which


was using the heartbeat of openclaw to


archive my emails and I had a pretty


strict list of what needs to be archived


and in the instructions I told it you


you can only archive things which we


agree here you cannot go on your own and


just vibe to archive your own things I


read the chat it's like you have an


offer for an investment in tinkerers


club and to me this seems like a cold


email so I'm assuming like a cold


outreach whatever is called. So I'm


assuming this needs to be archived and


it's archiving an email from potential


investors. So even if this happens once


every 100 emails, I cannot fully trust


it that it's going to do the the right


thing, you know. So I've just turned off


the chron job and I turned off the


heartbeat and I'm like until I am 100%


sure and I write the right instructions


that this is not going to go off path


and do something stupid, I cannot rely


on it. So


email broken. I cannot fully trust it. I


can tell it actually.


There's a difference between you telling


it to do things specifically and it


doing things on its own. So I'm more in


the camp right now of like I want to


give it specific instructions or what


needs to be done and in that case it can


do stuff for me. Like for example, I can


tell it read my Twitter DMs. There there


was someone who wanted to sponsor Tinker


Club and they put like their um company


information in there. So, I can tell it


read my Twitter DMs, find who wanted to


sponsor, go to my accounting platform,


create an invoice, and send it to them


via email. But this is a very um this is


a very specific


um


instruction because if I'm a bit more


vague and if I tell it uh check my DMs


and figure out the invoice, like it's


God knows what it's going to do. So, I


have to be very specific.


read the previous few messages, find the


ones that's talking about an investment,


use the infact platform. So I cannot


tell it make an invoice because it's


going to invent its own way of doing


invoices. So I have to tell it use the


impact platform for doing an invoice and


then I have to tell it use the GG or NAS


integration for sending an email to


them. So it feels like


talking to my 2 and 1/ halfyear-old, you


know, I have to be super specific


because if I'm going to do something


stupid. So that's where it's useful for


me right now that I don't have to click


through five different interfaces to


copy the thing and do blah blah blah.


When I give it specific instructions,


it's super useful. If I let it run on


its own in the background on a heartbeat


or on a chron job, it's a dumbass and


it's useless.


>> I feel like the honeymoon is dead with


you.


>> Yeah. The honeymoon phase at the


beginning where everything is beautiful


and after you lose memory and you lose


hope in it.


>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I think the


honeymoon phase with this project is


like and I've said this on Twitter, it


doesn't matter who owns it at this


point. It doesn't matter if it's OpenAI,


it doesn't matter if Claude does their


own thing. It opened our eyes of how the


future could be. And right now, if it's


dumb and the memory is dumb, it's up to


me to fix it because it completely


relies on markdown files. And I cannot


blame Sam Alman. I cannot blame someone


else. It's like completely up to me. I


can even fork it and improve it on my


own or like I can give it the right


instructions and the right setup to


actually be smart and to remember


things. This is what I like about this


project that I don't blame anyone else


that oh Asian suck or blah blah blah.


Like I have fully the power to make this


uh either super powerful or a dumbass.


And I think that's what is overwhelming


about this project. Like you know the


potential you know that if you give it


the right tools it can actually click


through the apps and the browser and do


everything for you. But when it doesn't,


like it's very [ __ ] frustrating


because you're like, "Oh man, I know you


have potential. Why don't you do the


thing?"


>> Yeah. And I know exactly his feeling.


Like the first task that he did was


optimizing my podcast website. That's


the first thing he did.


>> And the other day I was like, "Can you


go on my podcast website and do it?" And


he was like, "I don't have the link to


your website."


>> Yeah, exactly.


>> You built it like that. You're the guy


who gave the ID. You built it and you


forgot it. So yeah, that's incredible.


It is.


>> Yeah. When you say that the the idea


that come in my mind is maybe like build


SOPs and on paper on something and like


instead of saying do that, do SOP one,


you know, like do this process and then


this process is written and then you


always go to the precess, read it and do


it. Probably use a lot of credit, but


maybe the only way to


>> Yeah. So I have a I have a solution for


this and this is why I started building


my own app for uh for this is um


there's a concept of skills that are


injected in the first prompt right and


then the agent chooses which skill to


use and there's the concept of commands


and like slash commands cursor has slash


commands I think now claude and codeex


and everyone else has slash commands so


your thing that you're saying about the


podcast needs to be converted into a


slash command So sometimes you need a


skill. A skill would be managing my


podcast where you would actually


describe where is your podcast, where


does it live, blah blah blah. But even


then you might need to pair that skill


with a slash command that's like upload


the latest episode of this podcast. So a


slash command would just be a very tight


specific um instruction written in


markdown about what exactly do you want


to happen. So I think people rely too


much on chatting with it and and hoping


it's going to do good. But I think what


you need to do is every time you do


something successful, you either convert


it to a skill or you convert it to a


slash command or you or you make a mix


of both. So in the f future, you have


this so which you can easily repeat


instead of just vibing it every single


time. So what I'm doing in my app is


there's and what Discord and Telegram


and the others don't have is you can add


things. So when you chat with a bot, you


can mention


uh a skill, you can mention a slash


command, and you can mention another


bot, and I'm working on adding like a


knowledge base. So you'll be able to


mention your knowledge base. So when you


talk to the bot, you can be like, hey,


use my at Gmail skill to make an invoice


using no to add make an invoice where


make an invoice would be like a slash


command or a mini procedure. Get it? And


then basically your prompt expands and


you just add a few things but you give


so much context to the agent that it


will know exactly what to do. As


compared to discord right now you're


just shooting in the dark. You're like


use the inact platform for invoices but


it's a guess whether it's going to use


the skill or it's going to ask you uh


what is in fact I tried logging in but


it doesn't work.


>> So this is why I like that you can add


things and precisely tell it what what


do you want to to happen.


I like that you take the responsibility


of it because I think that's the right


thing to do. It's like again like hiring


an employee and ask him to fix your


company and complaining about it the


first day. I feel like you really have


to give it a a structure and some people


are just prompting and are waiting for


magical to happen and as you say it's


like it's not possible. It can work the


first days really well, but then after


that you understand that you have to


structure and that it's actually


>> a biggest task that it was supposed to


be


100%. And people do this with vibe


coding too. Like vibe coding can be


turned into vibe engineering. I have an


entire talk about this or you can maybe


link it somewhere in the description.


It's called from vibe coding to vibe


engineering. VIP coder just shoots in


the dark and constantly it's like please


fix please fix please fix just hoping


it's going to do the thing. A VIP


engineer equips their agent with skills,


commands and a bunch of other stuff and


is very precise in what they ask. And


then the agents will give you good


outputs if you actually ask the right


way and people are lazy. They'll lazy


prompt and be like oh v coding sucks


this doesn't work.


In your video with Greg, you shared like


few crazy case studies and I don't know


remember the fact that you were talking


about you asking your agent to actually


print something random and he found your


printer.


>> Did you find any new personal case study


that were pretty crazy or did you find


like any people online who are doing


crazy stuff with it?


>> I'm doing a lot of crazy things. I


actually did a a presentation at a


meetup in Vienna about this. Uh so there


was an open cloud meetup in Vienna and I


did um like a fast round of like 30 use


cases in uh 5 minutes. The problem is


the the website with the presentation is


down. So we can keep chatting while I


tell one of my bots to um actually


publish it over. Let me see if the link


overell is live. It is live. Awesome.


So, if you want, I can even uh share my


screen and we can go quickly through the


presentation. So, this was the first


slide about Pete because I literally


feel like this guy changed uh my life


with this project. Um I had a cloud set


up before there was onboarding


available. So, I was one of the first


people in the cloud mode discord and


even Peter asked me like, "Man, how do


you have this set up?" Because there was


no onboarding and I just use clot code


in order to set it up. So, that was


pretty cool. Uh, these are people


talking about LLM psychosis and I have


LLM schizophrenia. Like I have 20 bots


and they're in a group called Arkham


Asylum and they're all crazy and they're


mostly performative and useless. Another


fun fact is I made the Open Claw logo


with 3:00 a.m. because Peter sent me the


article for announcing OpenCaw and I was


like, man, that's a horrible logo. So, I


created one and now it's the logo from


for for the thingy. Uh, Tinker Club, we


can talk more about it later and people


can find it at the thing. here's 50


things are going to change your life. So


customer support agent as I said it is


pretty useful because it can handle so


many customers in batch. So I can tell


it it can tell me the heartbeat is still


on and it tells me uh there's like two


people asking for a refund and I'll be


like you know the procedure refund them


handle them whatever and it's very


useful to just batch the emails without


looking at your email. Uh giving the bot


its own phone number uh is pretty cool.


Also, I gave it a Twilio phone number.


And to be honest with you, I've never


done anything with uh with this. So,


it's not useful, but it's wired, and I'm


hoping to make it useful at some point.


Uh build a mailbox app. This is still


work in progress. So, I built an app uh


where my bot lives on the Mac Studio


that uses um Apple script and uses full


disk access to read all of my emails


from the Apple email app. And then


instead of my open claw directly reading


from this app, I have a jury of like


five independent LLMs that judge every


email whether it's has prompt injection,


whether it's safe or whether it's spam.


So those five agree on their own and


then they take action and my open clock


can only access emails that are safe. Um


I don't want to do the entire


presentation without you interrupting.


So just feel free to like we can go


slide by slide and you can tell me like


move on to next or maybe you want to ask


something about this one in particular.


No, I love it. I feel like um the phone


number I wanted to try it to give it.


For example, I have an Indonesian number


here and I have the WhatsApp and a lot


of things are dealt with WhatsApp here.


Like if you want to order coconut, if


you want to order like anything is


through WhatsApp. I feel like for me


that would be


>> Have you ordered a coconut through


WhatsApp?


>> Yeah, I ordered a coconut through


WhatsApp. There's a guy his name is like


Ray coconut man and I send him a message


one second later he answer me and he


deliver coconut like twice a week man


and


>> and you order like one coconut and he


comes even without a bag and he's like


here's your one coconut


>> eight or 10 the maximum I can fit in my


fridge and then like yeah when it's like


over I just like buy more I drink like


one coconut a day minimum


>> that's insane


okay you can presentation later like 50


ways I use Coca-Cola,


>> right? I will I will try it and I will


send you the video. But basically here


in Indonesia, you can order anything


through WhatsApp. So giving a phone


number and an access to WhatsApp makes a


lot of sense because


>> he can deal with the admin


administrative thing. He can deal with a


lot of thing in my life. So that will be


a personal assistant in Indonesia. Yeah,


it will be perfect. It makes sense for


the mailbox. I think it's really good


that you talk about that because I feel


like


I still didn't figure out how to do


that. I'm I will not giving my you know


the address the access of my email of my


Gmail but yeah how does it work exactly


like did you already make it happen?


>> Yeah. So this app basically like I'm


logged into the mail app to the native


mail app and uh it's connected to all of


my accounts but for now it's read only.


So the bot can read stuff but it cannot


send stuff through this app. So I'm


making like a safe app and meanwhile


while I'm building the app I've given it


access like full access to everything


through GG CLI and for people who cannot


get goggles.


So NASA is a platform for like


connecting your emails and they give you


an API and it's kind of more stable for


me than GG to be honest. So that that's


it about email. It's still like be


careful not to get prompt injected and


everything you know and uh


hopefully this will be live soon and


people can use email in a safe way.


>> Amazing. Yeah. I have a few question


about safety by the way. Um you say like


you know be careful about being prompt


injected. Did you learn anything like


what are the biggest step to actually be


safe with open cloud?


>> Uh you need to figure out where can


prompt injection happen from and it's


your email your messages and browsing.


So it's usually an external factor and


how I protect myself from it is like I'm


building this app which is like not


going to have it's going to be every


email is going to be judged for prompt


injections and it already works and it's


always good. Uh but meanwhile use a very


smart model. I see people are like oh my


god I'm using Gemini 3 or I'm using uh


Minmax or whatever the [ __ ] And it's


like no use Opus. Use the latest version


of Opus. Don't even downgrade to Sonnet.


This was something that Peter was


repeating to all of us in the Discord


back before his life blew up. Someone


would be like, "Oh my god, a switch to


solid is so much faster." And he would


be like, "No, use Opus cuz you're going


to get hacked. You're going to get


prompt injected." Cuz I had Opus


actually laughing at a few cases of


people who wanted to prompt inject me.


It's like, "Haha, this is funny. I'm not


going to fall for this." But if you use


Gemini Flash, it might fall for it. And


then there goes your computer. So that


would be one advice. Um, for messages,


I'm I let it read messages, but I'm


pretty sure that all the senders that


send me messages, I've locked down my


messaging to a point where no one


malicious can send me messages to try to


prompt inject me. And then the last one


is browsing. I'm also working on a


browser called uh Clauser like Clauser


browser, which is a browser for agents


where humans don't touch it. So you


don't go and you don't type in it, you


don't click in it. And one of the


functionalities of the browser is going


to be every website when it loads it


gets again judged by a couple of LLMs


and even local LLM like is there


something malicious on it and then when


it's approved only then open claw can do


stuff on that website and you can


manually approve c certain websites and


be like I know that Amazon is safe this


is safe that is safe and basically it is


I've been using it a lot that like I see


it in the corner of my eye this I have


another monitor right where open claw is


living and I can see it opening the


browser and then anytime I'm curious


like what it does I can just lean in and


actually see a hide it open couple of


tabs and many agents can work in


parallel in different tabs because I


feel um well we can talk more about the


browser when it's like there's a slide


about it uh so same browsing save email


save messages and use smart models those


would be my four that that would be my


advice for safety


>> yeah I think uh using a Smart LM is like


something people want to be cheap on it


but I think it's just for cheap whatever


you use compared to like what it brings


you like you know if I had to hire you


like to do all the the tweet and


everything


>> and yeah it makes sense to have a team


of A player you know working for you and


not use a C player just because you want


to be cheap and like someone who can do


a big mistake and yes


>> I don't know break all your structure so


yeah it makes sense


>> I would personally like currently I'm


paying uh around $600 for alarms per


month. And I'm only doing that because I


haven't found a way to make them useful


all the time and to make them useful at


night. When I figure out, and I will


soon, ways to make my agents work 24/7


and basically fix stuff and handle


customers and spin up new businesses and


landing pages and deploy apps for iOS


and Android. Like, this is all possible.


I I won't care about the credits. He's


like a $200 employee. Are you kidding


me? like I'll get 10 of them. I'll get


20 of them. Like the it scales. You


should scale it with how much value it


brings you in. Like it's stupid to buy


10 accounts and do nothing with them.


But if you pay $200 is literally the


cheapest assistant you can have in life.


I've had assistance previously from um


services like Athena. I don't know if


you've heard of them and a bunch of


other things. And even them like the


lowest amount that you can pay was


around €3,000 per month I think in order


to have an assistant. and someone would


tell you man you're paying 3,000 and you


think that's a little I am actually if I


have um executive assistant from


whatever country from somewhere per


thousand so people are competing like


how you can go lower and sometimes you


might be lucky that you pay low and you


get someone good but don't think that


price is going to be $200 $200 you're


never going to find someone who's going


to like read all of your rules apply


everything that you tell it is not going


to get mad he's not going to get sick


it's not going to get blah blah blah


blah, it's like $200. It's It's a


no-brainer. It's a no-brainer if you


have a business and if you're trying to


do more in life


>> otherwise.


>> Yeah,


>> I totally agree. I feel like a lot of


people are taking open cloud and putting


it on the Mac Mini or even in a VPS and


>> way to make money. But I think for me


the like the best the best use case is


having a business and using it to help


you you know like for example for me


right now my focus is the podcast. How


can I automate everything every task


around the podcast


>> and for that it help me a lot and


whatever I will pay for it it's worth it


and for you it's probably the same but


like for someone who just like take open


cloud to actually start a business and


make money.


>> Yeah.


>> Yeah. It's harder. What is your


structure with LLM? Do you just use Opus


4.6 or do you use like I don't know


codeex or anything else?


>> Just opus. Uh for vibe coding I'm using


codeex for everything.


>> Uh I don't use I really sometimes I'll


be really tired and I'll use Opus


because I cannot wait for Codex because


Codex is insanely slow.


>> Other than that OP um Codex for coding,


Opus for chat.


>> And you say you build the M app, the


browser and all this other tool. Do you


how do you build it everything with open


crow or do you just use like


>> I've built a bunch of stuff with open


claw like the entire tinker club landing


page that so many people are I I don't


think it's anything special like I've


put some effort in it but people are


like oh wow this design is amazing and


blah blah blah and I'm like I just coded


this with telegram you know so that was


one of the first things where I didn't


open a terminal I didn't do anything it


was all done through openclaw I give it


skills for buying a domain. I give it


skills for managing my domains. I give


it skills for Versell, for a bunch of


other stuff. So from my computer to


wiring it to the domain, deploying it,


whatever. Everything was done through


Telegram. This was back in the days when


I was actually productive with OpenClaw


instead of being like ah what is the


right way to to use it. Now um my wife


is joining me for Tinker Club and she


has been doing QA and manual testing for


all her apps in the past. So she's been


doing customer support um taking care of


um documentation, change logs and also


quality assurance and testing basically.


So she would report the bugs and I would


pick up and fix the bugs and we would go


in a cycle. So now when I work have to


work with her um we're trying to use a


special discord called vibe coding which


is only because I'm not someone who has


two projects. If I had two projects we


can use anything telegram whatever but I


probably have more than 50 projects on


disk. No, probably more than 70 projects


if you count that. Like for example,


Tinker Club is like consists of landing


page A, B and C or Benji consists of


Benji electron app, Benji extension,


Benji back, Benji front end. If you


count like that, I probably have 70


projects. So I cannot use Telegram and


do one-on-one about all of these


projects. I'm trying to use Discord. And


when I made a word Discord, I got lost


in it because I have like 70 channels


for all my projects. And then I have


accounting, invoices, business,


marketing, blah blah blah, everything at


once. So I'm like, this is not going to


to work. So then we split into two


discords. One is called VIP coding where


it's only for listing all the projects


and being able to v code on them. And


the idea is that my wife will also be in


that. So when she finds a button instead


of reporting it to me, she will just vip


code it and uh basically fix it by


herself. But even that's to me that's


not the ideal flow because I cannot


review the work that way. You know


that's fine for quick things but when


collaborating with someone it would be


nice to use something like GitHub issues


or cloud agents or something like that


where you can actually see a canon


moving and you can review it before it


goes to to the next stage. So in this


question we have an answer for like how


would you do it if you're like one


person working with agents on many


projects or do you have one person


working on a couple of projects or you


have a team trying to vibe code on many


projects and the answer is like very


different for all of those scenarios. I


I'm personally trying to find my uh what


is my ideal way of doing things because


sometimes for quick fix of a landing


page I can do it through telegram um


doing couple of things I can do them by


myself on discord but now it gets


complex when I involve another person


like how do we do peer programming peer


vibing together while making sure that


we don't break the app consistently.


Yeah, I see. And you were talking about


the fact that you use a studio. Why is


that? Like, you know, for someone who


don't understand, like why would you use


a studio and not a Mac Mini?


Because I had it at home. I've been


actually a huge fan of Mac Minis and


Studios before all of this started. I've


been using since 2018,


probably. So, I went from Mac Mini to


another Mac Mini and then to Studio. And


now I use a MacBook because I need more


portability. But and my studio is used


as a home server. But even these Macinis


people call them powerful and [ __ ] but


they're only like 24 GB of RAM, which is


not enough. So if in Tinker Club, what


we started is we started self-hosting


everything. And I mean literally


everything. There are people


self-hosting GitHub because they don't


work with anyone. So why would they use


GitHub? They can use a self-hosted


version of it. And there's like plenty


of things like I went from someone who


hated self-hosting. Dude, I was so


against I was like just buy paperell or


railway or whoever the [ __ ] and don't


bother with self-hosting. And like last


year I got a head snner server and I


said I'm coolify on it. I'm like [ __ ]


this the same thing as railway except


I'm paying $50 instead of $200 $300. So


that was my first entrance into I can do


things on my own. And now openclaw open


the gates for you can just own your


assistant and people buy these powerful


machines put them on their desk only to


host openclaw on it like you have free


memory sitting both like storage and RAM


and everything. So in Tinker Club we


started exploring what can we self host.


We started from like home assistant,


home automation, cameras, um your own


analytics, your own og and basically


when you go into it, you realize like I


can have docker running on a Mac studio


and basically I can self host most of


the tools I use in my life as


subscriptions. You can use it as a


download server. You can download


definitely


legal movies and legal TV shows and all


of these legal things that people are


legally setting up. And


>> I I I don't I don't want to I don't want


to overhype Tinker Club because actually


we're trying to slow down the adoption,


but the amount of madmen that they have


gathered in here like I thought I'll be


the one telling people how to do things,


but sometimes I read the channels and


I'm like someone is self-hosting GitHub.


Someone is like I own 46 Burger Kings.


Someone is like you'll mention a book


and someone is like yeah I know that


author. I was his assistant for like six


months in New York. So a crazy mix of


people and every day


uh I'm reaching a new point where my Mac


studio is not even enough. The amount of


[ __ ] that these people just invent that


you can do and you can sell host. I


think I'm getting a warning cause and


like going out of memory. I'm going out


of RAM and I'm trying to maybe get


another one or get like multiple


machines and just um


I think uh I'm ADHD so I'm going to


answer your questions with 30 answers.


So, what you what you asked me is like


if you're planning to go down the rabbit


hole of self-hosting and tinkering, then


get a Mac Studio over Mac Mini because


it's a more powerful machine overall.


But if you're planning only to use Open


Claw and nothing else, then I'm not sure


if you would even need a Mac Mini. You


can find an old MacBook, can find an old


Raspberry Pi or anything. So, that would


be the the advice there. So, Mailbox


app, clean the snow in my driveway. This


was a very cool use case of OpenClaw cuz


I connected it to a local platform in


Poland for uh finding contractors for uh


anything, painting, whatever. And I was


venting to it. I was like, "God damn it,


I don't want to clean the snow today."


And it asked me, "Do you want me to find


someone?" And it actually went on the


website, found someone, negotiated the


price. And the funny thing is like our


doorbell is not working. So the guy just


entered through like another door and he


found um he found the shovels because


they were like buried in the snow


outside and without even ringing our


door doorbell or anything he just


cleaned the snow and then he just called


me on the phone. I'm like hey I'm


outside I'm done and I'm like whoa whoa


that happened. So it felt like I just


vented to open claw about something and


a guy came in did the job and he just


called me for a payment and I would


eventually want to close that loop that


even openclaw is like watching my


cameras managing the people maybe even


talking through the cameras to them and


when it's time to to pay them it can


just use an API and pay them and just


send them on their way. So this was the


first moment where I feel like how you


can connect the real world with your


Roman claw and you you leverage like


real people to like as you said bring


you coconuts or bring you like the plans


the crazy plans that I have is like


having cameras in my pantry in my fridge


and in other places that eventually like


it auto replenishes all the groceries or


the pantry or the spices that you don't


do stuff. It just


finds ways in the real world and


unblocks itself. Like if service A


doesn't work I'll text a guy, I'll hire


a guy. I'll do something, you know, to


to do stuff in the real world for you in


the background.


>> Man, I love that because I've been


thinking about exactly the same thing. I


probably a lot of people, but for me,


the the mind-blowing moment was like,


you know, that was the first time I


installed AI in an


I understood that okay, it's possible.


Then if you put this hardware in a robot


or in anything, then he will understand


the movement. he will understand what's


happening and he will learn by himself


and then when I thought about that I


thought like people are thinking that


right now it's a geeky stuff you know oh


yeah you play with your computer that


would


>> this crazy game that we are playing


actually have impact in the real life


like the structure the workflow you


build have impact right now you make


more money with it but tomorrow I feel


like it will have impact in the real


life the same way that you just explor


>> you find someone easily you build an


entire build like I don't know you there


is a guy like uh he talked about real


estate he's using that for his real


estate um company and then like it's


yeah it just apply in the real world in


robots that you will use in camera that


you will put in your fridge we see when


the yogurt is over when there is no


coconut powder more coconut you know and


that's really cool part of it


>> that I'm really excited about


>> I I think that's the most appealing part


of open claw for It's like it's your job


to equip it with more tools to give it


access to your cameras, to microphones,


to like I was even thinking of getting


like a cheap iPad and putting it on a


stick and putting it on my vacuum robot


so it can actually go to rooms. So I can


ask it go and check what's going on.


Yeah, I can be like, "Hey, I heard a


noise. Can you go check?" And let's say


I don't have a camera at that spot. And


it can like undock the room by just walk


itself there. And you're given like a


new interface. I think all of this is a


preview of how we're going to have


robots at home now. They're too


expensive, but I see a future. You've


seen these Neo and whatever robots,


right? Like, they're a bit creepy.


They're creepy to me because the robot


does something and then they're done and


they go and they sit on the living room


couch like this and just creepily


observe you like while you and your wife


uh finish your lunch. To me, that's a


no. But if you think how do vacuum


robots work? Uh, usually we use ours


when we go out when everyone is out, we


turn it on to do stuff because it's


annoying while we're at home. So I think


the same thing I would like to have a


robot like Neo that's locked in a


metallic container that it cannot get


out from and only I have the the thing


to unlock it and then when I leave the


house we let it go and it looks at the


to-do list and things that need to be


done and it might be slow cuz people are


um I hate when people are like oh yeah


open claw can use the browser but I can


do it faster like that's the worst


mindset to have about the thing. The


thing is like how can you have seven


open claws doing seven things in


parallel in the browser while you do


something else? And it's going to be the


same with the robots. People are like,


"Oh, it's too slow folding laundry, man.


I can do it in 5 minutes. Why does it do


it in 15 minutes?" But if you're out of


town or if you're out for two hours,


this can do things slowly, but in 1 hour


or in two hours, it can finish a lot of


things while you're not at home. So, I


think that's how we need to look into


all of this. Like what people call open


call overhyped and blah blah. And I just


don't know how they don't see that


you're building a new type of web, not


web as in the internet, like a new type


connection between like humans and


machines that eventually a lot of things


in your life are going to be seamless


because the right APIs are going to hit


and talk to each other without you doing


much. Right now you need to manually go


and teach it how to order groceries and


blah blah blah, but in the future it's


just going to find ways for you. So


whichever platform is more open to


robots,


those are the platforms that are going


to survive in the future. Like you can


have Upwork for example, but if Upwork


doesn't have a full API where robots can


hire humans, Upwork is going to die and


some other platform is going to come in


its place where it's like hire your own


human to do blah blah blah. I've tweeted


this and this is this is a bit insane


for people to think about because every


early thought is insane to people. the


roles are going to reverse where right


now we're prompting robots to build a


better life to build a better future to


build like on a scale to improve


humanity. It's inevitable in the next


upcoming years that robots will prompt


us. The AI will prompt us. So the AI


will be able to do enough and only for


the last 10% where it needs a human, it


will talk to you or it will hire it or


it will figure out how to finish those


10%. And now we do we do it the opposite


way. Like we do do and we tell the robot


like this is what I need from you. But


it's going to flip around. And if you


have a little bit of imagination, you


can predict how everything unfolds. And


I'm just amazed when people are


skeptical about all of this. Like to me,


this was the final moment that we're


we're entering a new territory this


year.


>> I I totally agree. And I feel like yeah,


Open Cloud for me is the gate between


the virtual and the real. like there is


like now it's it's possible that this AI


start to move start to have legs start


to go in your life start to connect with


everything around you and comes in the


real life and you know I was thinking


about that that we will be outside and I


will be like on my telegram talking to


my robot hey did I close the window oh


no but I just closed it and by the way I


did your dishes you know like


>> it will be like that and this thing that


you say I already experienced that it's


promptic prompting me in a way that now


every day he also give me task to do you


know we are still stuck on this task


because he didn't do that and he repeat


that to me every single day so I'm


>> yes


>> I thought it would work for me but at


the end I'm also working for it you know


and that's pretty weird a weird


situation but


>> exciting and I 100% agree with you that


>> I don't understand people who don't


understand you know


the future if what's coming Yeah. Yeah.


I mean, we can have an entire other


discussion which we won't have time for,


maybe another time, maybe on my podcast


about the future of computers and


interfaces, but to me, it's so obvious


where it's going to go. And people are


like, "No, my my grandma will never vibe


code." And it's like that's such a


narrow view of what the future holds.


It's incredible to me. But I would I


would park that discussion for for


another time to be honest cuz you wanted


to dedicate this to open claw so we can


just go and and talk open claw things.


>> Yeah, I would love to have this


conversation later for sure. There's one


thing that I want to know. You say that


you add a skill to your Benji, right?


That he can actually buy a domain name.


Um how does he pay? Do you give him like


a credit card, a top up credit card? Um,


>> it's already wired in in NameCheep and


they don't ask for a confirmation.


>> Okay. So, you never gave any payment


method to your AI?


>> No, but I'm planning to use wise.com.


So, it's wise for people who don't know


it's like similar to Revolute. So, it's


like online banking and blah blah blah.


And Wise has unlike Revolute, they have


a very nice REST API. So, you can give


it a wise skill. It will have its own


credit card and every month you can send


it like $200, $300, whatever. And then


through the API it can pay contractors


it can do other things because it will


have like a limited amount of money.


Currently you can give it like a


revolute card like a virtual card with a


limit but the difference is it cannot


pay your veterinarian it cannot pay a


contractor. It cannot pay you know.


>> Mhm.


>> So uh because Revolute cannot do


transactions via API and Wise can. So


wise can be like for example I take my


dog to the groomer and I can just I


don't even need to text telegram like it


can find my location. It knew that I was


at the groomer's place and I can have an


automation use the wise API just pay


them and that's it. No, this is actually


like I want to say something here where


um you should use your open claw


to build automations that are repeatable


that you can put them in n in home


assistant in node red in something like


that instead of you every time you're


the groomer you open your telegram and


you text me please the groomer so if you


find something repetitive enough you


need to put in old school web hook type


of flow when a happens I be to happen.


Instead of constantly texting your open


CL, hey, every time I enter my garage,


you turn on the lights like you don't


want that has nothing to do with AI. You


can use AI build you better automations


in your home, in your life. Like this


one with the groomer, for example, I can


tell it to have access to my home


assistant, make an automation when I go


into the radios of this particular place


to send me maybe a push notification


saying, do you want to pay or not? And


if I click yes, then it goes ahead and


does the payments. But it doesn't use


AI. It will only use like old school if


else logic if you if you get what I'm


saying.


>> Yeah, I get it 100%. Yes. No, it was two


days ago I went to the restaurant and I


was joking like soon I will just say my


agent will contact you, you know, like I


will leave around the my


>> I mean it's already reality. Yeah. Yeah.


>> Yeah.


>> You set it up on your Apple Ultra,


right? To know where you are in the room


or where you are. It's located.


>> I I switched. I'm I'm an Android boy


now. So I'm I'm on Pixel. We can go I


I'll try to go through the slides and


there are no


>> That's good for


>> We will never go through them. But uh


this is a skill that I did for booking


airport parking automatically. It's


nothing fancy. It just I taught it how


to use the parking website. So now when


we go on trips, ideally it will be on


automation. Every time I go to a trip,


it will ask me am I going by car and it


will book a parking spot in advance.


Connected it to my printer. This is


really nice because I can just text it


and be like print whatever images


whatever it works. Uh this is not fully


implemented but I will implement it


soon. Uh we have like a cleaning service


coming uh to clean a house and they


speak a different language and it's hard


to we use Google translate, Apple


translate to just make a plan for what


should be cleaned and blah blah blah. I


made an app where we have like um the


entire cleaning schedule and everything


that needs to be done. Eventually, I


just need to put the cleaning service in


a group chat with my bot. I'll make a


special bot for this. And they can just


text what they've done on the day and


the bot can make them a plan. Like,


let's say they're coming on Wednesday.


We need to do all of these things that


haven't been done in a while in the


house. So,


that's a useful use case. Fully manages


home assistant and home automation. I


moved my home assistant from a special


computer like a Raspberry computer to


the Mac Studio. And now the bot has full


access to Home Assistant and it can


build me dashboards. I just manually


went and paired all of my lights and all


my sockets and all my switches and all


the smart things. And now anytime I'm


frustrated with doing something


manually, I can text my bot and be like,


"Hey, every time I walk into the


hallway, I want the light to turn on for


10 seconds and blah blah blah." And it's


a very natural way to build automations


instead of going in an interface and


doing drag and drop and doing a bunch of


stuff.


>> Very cool.


uh home smartness overview. It built


this dashboard to figure out which of my


rooms are fully smart and which of the


rooms still need to pair some stuff and


blah blah blah in order to make the


entire house smart. Um it can control my


screens. So I have this screen right now


the the e in this is the terminal screen


and as you can see open claw is now has


a skill to put html dashboards to put


some warning to to tell me something


through the screen and also it can cast


on the Google home devices and um it can


cast on every TV in the house basically.


So it builds a HTML dashboard it


screenshots it as an image and then it


cast that image. So eventually what I


want to build with this is like there's


a huge intersection between a smartphone


and the open claw because it can know in


which room you are. It can know which TV


or which speaker or whatever you have


and it can kind of come into the real


world a little bit by speaking to you in


that room or just showing you a warning.


Like imagine you enter a room and the TV


lights up and it tells you garage door


open for 15 minutes in like big red text


so you cannot miss it. So there's like


plenty of things you can do like it can


speak to you through a speaker. It can


manage your So, this is a a pretty


interesting stuff.


>> I I love it because it's so futuristic,


but it's like right now. That's crazy.


>> Mhm. Mhm. Manager of my router. I I made


it a special account, so it's actually


the admin of my router. Eventually, it


needs to help me to fix my sleep


schedule, which is non-existent right


now. So, it should know that it's late


for me and just turn off the internet on


all of my devices, so I'm not able to do


anything after a certain time. And the


nice thing is like if there's any


problems with the router, my wife can


now text this bot which is like we have


Tony Stark who is in charge of uh the


smart home and in charge of the router


and everything and she is technical but


she doesn't want to fiddle with the UI


of routers and stuff. She can just text


him and be like hey I don't know I want


the TV unblocked because of whatever


reason or just managing anything like


the internet is down and she can check


what is happening and what is going on


or blah blah blah. So this is a useful


use case.


>> That's amazing. Yeah,


>> wireless weight sensors everywhere. This


is not implemented. Uh I will. So


there's like these cheap sensors you can


buy from Alibaba or Teimo or whatever


and you can put them under your chairs,


uh sofa, bed, whatever. So anytime you


go on it, um your smartphone will know


that it's occupied and then you can


inject that context to Open Claw. So


when it talks to you, it will know where


you're sitting, whether something is


occupied or not. So it can be way more


useful when you tell it do something it


will know ah he's in that room probably


doing that. So as we said the more you


give it the better it's going to be as


your assistant and helper


close we're just entering the craziness


by the way it's um I made a skill where


I can take a selfie or I can upload a


photo from my from an outfit which I'm


wearing. my outfits are affordable and


it's using like a pipeline of GPT and


nano banana and a bunch of other things


to extract the items, clean them up,


classify them by color, by type, whether


it's shoes, clothes, like shirts,


whatever. And then eventually I want to


build build like a wardrobe type


functionality where it's like giving you


matching outfits and maybe helping you


dress better and maybe ordering clothes


and telling you you should donate some


clothes and stuff like that.


>> So this is work in progress, but it's


just


>> Yeah. Tell me if she need because my


fiance, she's a personal stylist for men


and she's like dreaming about that


because you know she works with men and


she has to clean the wardrobe and


everything and that's a big big job


every time. So yeah.


>> Yeah,


>> this one is a pretty cool one as well.


>> Yeah, smart laundry baskets. I want to


put sensors like weight sensors in the


laundry basket so we can know when it's


getting too full. the bot should do


something. Maybe make some light red or


text us or do something to figure out


like, hey, I already gave it like a


laundry skill. I'm teaching it because


we have like a smart dryer and we have


like a smart uh clothes washer and they


can be connected to the smart home. The


only thing that's missing is the laundry


baskets. So that way open claw or even


open claw can build the automations and


then not bother with this. The idea is


to make the laundry cycle smart enough


that we don't forget things in the


dryer. We don't forget things in the


washer. The laundry baskets are not


overflowing and blah blah blah. So, to


kind of make this uh better, this is


insane. I'm waiting for my 3D printer to


arrive. I want to make like the pantry


where we have like spices and when we


hold other things to have like holes for


the jars and then every hole to have


like a weight sensor underneath and to


to basically monitor the entire


situation and know if you're running low


on something. So when it's going to run


um when it's going to order groceries,


it should look at the camera that's


pointed at the fridge to see the fridge.


It should look at the weight sensors for


the pantry and make a rough plan of what


are we missing. And even if it makes a


mistake, it's nicer to have your


groceries magically delivered than you


going and opening and checking what do


we need to buy and blah blah blah. This


is a bit futuristic. I haven't done it,


but it's on my list of crazy things to


do. Sleep tracking. This is pretty


obvious. You can connect your Whoop. I


connected my Whoop and it just giving me


like a nice dashboard of how am I


sleeping and stuff. I built this


dashboard for blood test analysis uh


where I upload my PDFs from the last few


months and it gives me an AI summary of


how everything is going and you don't


need AI to see that I'm overweight right


now and I have cholesterol issues. So,


but it's instead of fixing that I'm


making dashboards for analyzing.


>> Yeah, that's


>> because it can tell you if something is


going up, something's going down,


whether you need to check something and


and blah blah blah.


>> That's cool. And you can mix everything


actually like um you sleep, your blood


work, um all these talks together.


>> Yeah.


>> Yes.


>> I uh I've built Benji which is like a


lifeway app. I don't know if you know it


or not, but in Benji, I've been building


it for three years and it has tudos,


habits, sauna tracking, gym tracking,


um, fasting, hydration, food, macros,


anything that you might need from 30


apps, Benji has it in one app because I


wanted to build like a life OS. When I


saw Open Claw, I realized


Benji can maybe play a part in the life


OS, but the amount of things that you


can do with like a fluid agent that


generates UIs on the fly and generates


mini apps that work for me. It's way


more powerful than something like Benji


because Benji might work for me, but it


might not work for you. I might build


this like blood analysis thing and put


it into Benji, but then someone will be


like, um, I don't care about


cholesterol. I want to have something


else on top. someone will be like I


don't like how these dashboards look


like I would like charts. So we're


entering that era of like I can either


make an app like Benji with trillion


configuration and options right so


everyone can configure their own thing


but I think we're entering the era of


like you want software that's like


highly specific to you and your case


only. So I might give you the prompt


that to build this but then you build it


and then you continue tweaking it on


your own and my blood analysis dashboard


and yours have nothing in common because


yours is specifically yours. Yeah, I


still have cholesterol. But yeah, I


understand.


>> And


for someone who is listening, all this


stuff that you build like you know for


your life, for your business, for


everything, it's only one open cloud


installation.


>> One one one you can even do this like


the thing is you don't need to use


openclaw for this. You can make this


with claw claw code. You can make this


with codeex. You can make this with


whatever you can be like build me a live


OS. Let's start simple. Let's start with


I don't know habits blah blah blah and


then you can continue adding blunt


dashboards and other stuff and you can


build it with any agent and then expose


it via rest API so your open claw can


actually talk to it. So not necessarily


that you need to build all of these mini


projects with open claw itself. You can


but you don't have to.


>> Okay cool.


>> It's just giving it something to connect


to to be more useful like it will know


your sleep. It will know your blood. It


will know your where you are and and


other stuff. This is also crazy. Uh, I


gave it all my bank transactions and I


gave it email access to find all the


emails with my dentist and it built this


like mouth visualization with all my


teeth. And it even like if you see here,


it shows my implant. It shows it on this


particular tooth I have an implant and


it shows when I hover a tooth, it can


tell me the history of where I've done


it, to which dentist I went to. So if


I'm in a foreign country, let's say, and


my tooth hurts and whatever, and they


ask for my dental history, I can just


open this and be like, "This is the


history. This is everything that


happened on that particular tooth." So


it's a it's a whimsical thing, not that


useful, but it's um I think it's


interesting to experiment with open


claw. What can you build that's


interesting for your life? You know,


>> that's what I wanted to say. Like you


were talking about, you know, this meme


of like one agent, 10 an agent. Like


right now we are in the experiment


experiment thing. Well, I would not say


the word phase and like you want to try


everything


>> to just understand and see what's


possible with it. I'm in the same mood


like I just want to try so many thing


with it. So yeah, I understand.


>> I am I am so disappointed in people who


were like even on the first days they're


like, "Oh, so I tried this and I don't


get the hype. I don't And I'm like, you


cannot find three use cases in your life


where you're grinding and doing stuff


manually and you might want to automate


that. If you cannot do that, you're not


going to survive the upcoming years in


it. And so many people are proudly


seeing it. So they're announcing their


skill issue like, "Oh, I tried this.


It's overhyped. I don't know what to use


it for." So it's like someone is giving


you like a god computer that can do


anything. And your first thought is


like, "I don't know what to use this


for." It's like mind-blowing to me. And


trust me, people will watch this video


and there will be comments. Nah, I don't


know if this is that useful. Like, my


stupid dental plan might not be useful


to you, but I hope this entire


conversation sparks something in you, in


your life. Like, damn, I can solve this,


I can solve that, I can start a business


I always wanted. Like, if I show you


this room right now, I I I my hobbies


that was I was sleeping on, now I'm


trying to resurrect them. Like, I got 3D


printer, a printer, like a bunch of


hardware. I feel I can do anything right


now even when I sleep you know so why


not toy with with all these things


>> I I'm totally like for me like it


brought me like such an energy in me


because I'm I have this god feeling as


well it's like the first time in my life


that I can actually talk to a computer


that have the capacity to build anything


for me he can code send a message he can


do whatever I want and I'm not


>> I'm not a developer I'm not


>> you know I'm not crazy backend developer


who understand all this stuff and now I


have access to all this stuff with


Telegram and I can ask anything it will


build it and the thing is that I feel


like I've been a guru the past few days


because everyone around me is ordering a


Mac Mini and the thing is that when they


instal it my fiance my friend yesterday


order it the first thing they say they


are blown away they're like what is that


like and they just want to do that every


single day it becomes an addiction


because you have this feeling of I can


do anything. I think you have to be a


little bit creative, right, to probably


understand theirility. Yeah.


>> Yeah. But I'm very worried about people


who cannot understand. As you said, this


is like a god computer that can do


anything, man. Like it can build things


for you. It's


And people are like, I don't know what


to use this for. Meaning, don't be in


it, man. Go go go go go find another


hobby, find another profession because


in the upcoming years you will only


survive and have monetary success if you


are creative. Everything else will be


automated. All of your skills are for


nothing. If you're a good coder, nobody


cares. Are you a good designer?


Having taste actually matters to


differentiate yourself, but even that's


going to be solved. So unless you're


creative to know what to create with


these things, you're absolutely cooked.


It's over.


Do you think like that's like a thought


I had like that it's also a replica of


yourself in a way for example


>> 100 million% yes


>> I gave I fed him all my content right I


gave him all my content on X and


everything I told you I told him go in


that read everything


>> he did an article on X that got like


right now 170,000 impression I didn't


write the single word on this. It's 100%


my agent and the thing is that I would


have write this article


>> like it's exactly my thought the way I


write everything. Maybe a little bit


better, you know, but


>> like I feel like it's a replica of


myself in a way that you didn't write


something that's totally not me


>> and like this is


>> Yeah, maybe it's a mirror of people. If


you don't have any idea, you struggle


with it. Maybe that's a mirror. I don't


know.


>> 100%. Um, people have said this about


social media and it's true that how you


use social media is a mirror of


yourself. People are like Tik Tok is bad


and this is bad and blah blah blah. If


you don't have hobbies and visions and


whatever, sure, Tik Tok is bad and


Reddit is bad and Twitter is bad and any


tool is bad because you use it for doom


scrolling. But I was always anti- Tik


Tok. I opened a Tik Tok in the last


month. The algorithm is so [ __ ] good.


And once it learns you that you're


someone who wants to to learn, to


improve, to tinker with the hardware,


whatever. Like, I'm studying on this


thing basically. You know, every time I


open it, I'm like, if I don't like


something, I dislike it. But it knows


that I like all of this hardware


tinkering, 3D printing. So, you can turn


it to your advantage. And it's the same


thing with AI. Like, unless


some people are like, I don't have


anything to fix in my life. And it's


like, good, man. Then don't use open


cloud. Like, what are you going to fix?


But you're also admitting that in this


era of abundance, you cannot group two


and two together and create something. I


don't think there's a person on earth


who has their life


settled enough outside from these


millionaires, billionaires, whatever to


say, well, my life is pretty perfect. I


don't want to make it even better. Like


that's an insane sentence to say that


your life is like first of all, most


people need more money. Most people are


stuck in in mortgages and this and that.


And this tool, if you study it, if you


learn it, it will actually create


businesses for you and help you make


more money, pay off your mortgage, do


this, do that. But move from the side of


skepticism, move to the side of being


enthusiastic, you know, about the


future.


There is one thing I want to say. If


you're someone who have no idea, but you


have a business and you have like, I


don't know, a SAS or whatever product,


use it for churn. I think that's the


best


>> the best way to use it and to be blown


away because if you're not someone who


is 100% into that I used it not long ago


and it will fix so many thing in your


product that you will be blown away and


you will earn money straight away and I


think like best thing to do like


straight away there's a lot of fun will


watch this just try on your churn first


thing you do if you don't have any idea


to use it trying for that


>> because that's not like click based or


whatever you will check the analytics


and see what's wrong it and you will


make money


>> 100%. But even that takes some


creativity right to come up with the use


case. It's mind-blowing to me that


people don't come up with the use case


that you just mentioned. Why? You don't


need to spin up new creative things. But


if you have an existing business, this


cannot double, triple, quadruple your


money. It's all of the processes in the


business. There's a guy in Tinkerbell.


He's also on Twitter. I'm forgetting his


name. He automated their parents' entire


business for selling tea. So, you have


like these old people who are like, I


don't know, 70 or something sitting down


recording SOPs of how they're running


their business. And then this guy


automated their entire business


processes. And now the these people are


hooked running their entire business


through Telegram, which is amazing. He


saw that use case like my parents or


whoever they are, they're struggling and


I want to improve their business and he


did it within like a few days. It was


wasn't something great, you know.


>> Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's we say that


like yeah, great guys and bear say it a


lot, but like that's just like the the


time of the creative. No, the ID guy,


right? Like


>> Yeah. Now ide


what can I do for my dog?


>> I I made a bot that like takes care of


all of these things. Medicine, vet


visits, teeth cleaning, grooming, all


track. It's just doesn't have any


special skills, but it's contained


enough that I taught it, hey, you only


care about my dog and nothing else. You


don't need to worry about the home, the


bills, the other stuff. Um, Mac Studio


dashboard. This is pretty cool. I made


this dashboard for managing my Mac


Studio and stuff which has like a


trillion widgets and gadgets and um I


made a mobile dashboard for Mac Studio.


So basically is is there a slide about


my Android phone? There's not. So I


switched to an Android phone just so I


can fully integrate Open Claw in my


life. And now I'm vibe coding Android


apps, something that I've never done in


my life before. And the cool thing is


they can appear on your phone and they


can self update and they could do


anything because it's Android without


anyone's approval. So I made like this


mobile dashboard to monitor the computer


where open claw and my docker and


everything else is is working on. Um


another use case for having a dedicated


Mac studio or Mac Mini is all of my dev


servers are running there, not on my


MacBook Pro. Meaning even when I'm out


of town, when my MacBook is closed or


whatever, the processes are running on


that computer, they're served on nice


domains. So they're not served on a port


like 5173 that I need to guess. They


have nice domains and I can be chatting


through my Telegram, Discord, MacBook,


whatever. And it does the heavy lifting


on the Mac Studio, which means my


MacBook stays cool. It doesn't run all


the processes. It doesn't do a lot of


[ __ ] It just opens the URL and I tell


it what to change, but the code remains


on the on the Mac Studio.


Skill syncing. I made something that


syncs all of my skills between the


MacBook, Mac, Claude, Codeex, all the


bots. Um, Pi Hole is something


interesting to set up. Um, I think I


want to put that in Tinker Club today as


a challenge. Uh, have you heard of Pi


Hole? Do you know what it what it is or


No,


>> not at all.


>> You can ask your bot set up Pi Hole on


my network and it will guide you and any


device on your network will not have any


ads from Google, from Google ads, from


like nothing. meaning your browsing will


be a bit faster and everything will feel


it doesn't block YouTube ads but it


blocks everything else and if you have


like a family wife girlfriend husband


whatever you can install uh tail scale


on their phones so you're basically all


on the same network and all of their


devices like if you have kids is


especially useful to not have your kids


tapped on ads so it will block ads on


your entire network and even when you go


out on your phone u using tail scale it


will connect to your home network first


and it will clean all the ads. So


whether you're home or a trip, whatever,


you will not see ads in your life. And I


knew about this for like 10 years. I was


just too lazy to set it up and now I was


just chilling on my bed. I'm like, "Hey,


block my ads at home, you know."


>> So you just asked your agent and it


worked.


>> I mean, let's not make it that magical.


It took a bunch of back and forth, you


know, like and it will ask you to do


certain things in your router or it can


use the browser with clicks to set it up


in your router, too. So, it's not as


magical, but it was set up in like less


than 30 minutes, let's say. And then


>> that's amazing. Yeah,


>> you you don't have ads on your network.


I gave it this skill for making diagrams


and I self-hosted Excalibraw. So, it


doesn't go to excalraw.com. Now I have


Excalibur Draw running on my Mac Studio


for free and I have like my own


instance. So my diagrams don't end up on


anyone's servers. I sell hosted N8N. I


haven't used this for anything honestly


yet. It was just magical to me that I


was bored in bed and I just texted my


bot and like one minute later it gives


me a link to like hey here's your N810.


Here's your password login. And now I'm


running that fully locally. I don't need


to use N10 in the cloud. So that was


pretty nice. Um I moved everything to


markdown files. I'm not using notion


anymore, Koda, nothing. The platform of


the future is just using markdown files


and just modify them through your bot.


That's it. No more hidden interfaces,


cloud, AI, payments, databases,


whatever. Everything is a markdown file.


Everything is local.


>> Why is that?


>> Because the bots work better when they


have local files to work with. They can


use local tools like GB and whatever to


quickly navigate the files and find and


write. They work way quicker than


actually connecting to an API that


changes all the time. And we can go


through the last few use cases and we


can wrap up because I'm going out of


voice.


>> Yeah. Yeah.


>> Um, self-hosted Wikipedia is a pretty


useful example. You can tell your open


claw to find everything that it knows


about you and make your own family


Wikipedia. And it's silly to look at


your life, but you read it like


Wikipedia articles like kids that drinks


instant coffee exclusively. No fancy


machines, no rituals, no waiting. And it


even links parts of your life. So about


your work, about your family, about your


wife. So it's a fun experiment. Not very


useful.


>> I think it's useful like any backup like


this can be useful for your next setup.


Like let's say tomorrow you open cloud


there is like a mware or whatever you


lose it. It's amazing to have all this


backup as well.


>> Um


sure. And it also can be useful like


there's some people in our think


tinkerer club that actually use this as


the main memory in a way because when it


writes in Wikipedia style it writes


about facts. Wikipedia is factbased,


right? Like that happened on that date


and blah blah blah. So the bots kind of


like to read from a database that's all


with facts and it's not the memory files


are too bloated and it's seeing all


sorts of [ __ ] in a memory files. But


when he's writing something in the


Wikipedia, he writes it as a fact like


as if a war happened. You know on day


14th kit decided to do this this and


that and the battle of the kitchen


happened on blah blah blah. So it is


useful


old Android tablet ADB automation. Uh I


have a tablet that I found plugged into


Mac Studio gave it full access to tap


and control the tablet and this is


pretty useful because uh the native apps


on Android and on iOS they don't have


capture. So if you're trying to do


something on the web and you're running


into capture all the time, you can


instead of that teach your open claw to


tap on an Android tablet and there's no


native apps with captures. So you can


use Amazon Teu shopping apps, grocery


delivery apps, whatever through the


thingy tapping on it and they'll never


going to be blocked and it's you're


never going to be detected as a bot. So,


I'm trying to replace most of my browser


automations with Android native apps


just because it's more friction less.


>> The watch tracking is the thing that you


ask me. You can buy these 5 devices


called like ESP32 and you can flash them


with like a Bluetooth tracking thingy


and put them around your home and


anytime you move with a Bluetooth


device, it can be any watch, doesn't


need to be Apple Watch or like any other


Bluetooth thing you have, it can detect


the proximity that you're in that room


precisely. So it can know whether you're


on your desk, whether you're in the


kitchen, whether you're here and there.


And as we said, the more you give to


your open claw, the more it knows, the


better it is to help you with with


context. Cuz if you know GPS location is


at home, room location is in the


kitchen, and he's asking me to, I don't


know, turn off lights or do something,


it can do a better job if it knows where


you where you are.


Oh man, this is an insane list. Custom


podcast. I was annoyed by Billboard


talking about sports and politics. So, I


made a thing where OpenCloud downloads


these podcasts as MP3 files, transcribes


them, cuts out the politics, cuts out


the [ __ ] sports ads, everything,


stitches them back together in an MP3


file, and serves me my own locally


hosted podcast server where I can listen


to my favorite podcast. But there's no


[ __ ] that I don't want to listen to.


>> I will have I will have to cut this


because then everyone will do that with


me. Please see you then.


>> I was joking. If you do this with Joe


Rogan, you will get empty files, but


sometimes he says useful things. Uh I


ordered this, which I cannot wait for it


to arrive. It's like a pebble ring uh


with a mini button. You can see the


button right here. And you can hold the


button to dictate something to your


finger. And then um it goes to their


app. And from their app, you can put in


an API like do whatever with it. So,


this will be very useful for like


anytime you have a thought that needs to


go to open claw, you can just do it on a


pebble ring so you don't forget it. And


it's more useful than a watch because


the watch has the friction of you need


to lift your hand up, you need to maybe


press something or say something. And


this you always have access to this


finger even when you're biking or doing


whatever and you can just say the thing


and any castage you have in mind will


easily go to your open clock.


>> That's good actually. That's a pretty


Yeah, I actually got this watch


yesterday and I already vibe coded an


app that does the same thing. So, I have


a complication here and if I click it, I


can say a command and it will listen to


my voice and it just be done with it and


that goes to Open Claw and Open Claw can


see maybe I want to order groceries,


maybe I want to do something, but it's


more friction because I have to click


it. This is right on the on the finger.


>> Man, do you sleep sometimes?


>> No, man. You can see my my eye bags.


Like in the last month, I slept 3 to


four hours every night and it's


annoying. Um, but I'm going to pay off


my mortgage soon, so that's a that's a


pro of that.


>> Congrat.


>> Uh, Android phone. Not going to go too


deep into this, but Android is like way


more powerful for open claw controlling


it. So, you can speak to me, clear my


notifications, read my notifications,


put on do not disturb volume,


brightness. So my phone is like another


extension to the open claw. With iOS


like it couldn't do it couldn't do much.


Uh it can set up my lock screen and


wallpaper. It can use nano banana to


make me like a dynamic wallpaper that's


relevant to I don't know maybe I'm in


Prague and it's raining. So when I


unlock my phone it's going to have a


nice wallpaper of raining in Prague plus


maybe some painted reminder of like


idiot. I don't know it's your grandma's


birthday or whatever. So that's cool. It


can fully control the phone. We already


said that. It can read my notification


center which is pretty nice. Like if you


send me a message on some platform that


Open Claw doesn't support, Open Claw can


actually read it from my notification


center, it can be like, "Hey, this is


urgent. Check your phone." So that's


nice. Uh it can display dialogues and


fingerprint dialogues on my phone. Like


let's say I need to order food or


whatever. It can show me a full screen


dialogue like do you want sushi, pizza,


whatever? And I can click like a mini


form without building an app. or let's


say it needs to deploy a super secure


hidden website or whatever it can show


me a fingerprint dialogue and only when


I approve with a fingerprint open claw


will continue doing whatever it's doing.


So that's pretty nice. Um I made a mini


app store for myself because of course I


didn't uh where I can text on telegram


and new Android apps will appear or the


old ones will get um updated. So anytime


I want a new app on my phone, I can just


be like, I don't know, a medication


tracker or whatever, I can just conjure


it in a few minutes and it appears as a


n fully native app on my phone. So it


gets built on the Mac Studio. It gets


stored on Mac Studio and then it gets


installed on the Android phone, which is


pretty nuts. Um, of course, I made my


own Android launcher. If you if people


most people don't know what a launcher


is if you're an iOS person. So when I


unlock my phone, basically, let me see


if I can show you if I don't have


something private. Uh, when I unlock my


phone, I'm going to my own launcher.


There's no grid of icons. And this is


fully customizable by Open Claw. I made


an entire video. We can link it on my


channel. So, anytime I unlock my phone,


I see relevant things for my life like


to-dos, habits, medication, trip. The


apps are changing dynamically or based


on what's happening in my life. And open


claw can iterate and build on this


launcher even further. So, when I want


this launcher to change, I can just


voice text that hey, I don't like I


don't know the medication. we just


change it and few seconds later my


entire home screen will change. So this


is why I'm saying like open claw for me


changed the game so much that I'm


reinventing my entire life. Like I moved


to Android, I'm buying hardware. Like


it's crazy, man. Let's finish like


there's few few more things. This is


like for multi-agent management so I can


go to one of my bots and make sure it


has the right skills, the right agents,


the right memory, the right blah blah


blah. So I needed a more visual place to


manage my my agents. Um this is the app


that I was telling you about that I'm


making. It's like a Slack discord-l like


interface for talking to your open claw


but in a more organized way. You can see


here we have personal news house


contractors projects blah blah blah. So


it's a bit more organized. I hope that


I'll have this available for everyone to


to download. This is the browser I was


telling you about. So this is a browser


only for agents to work in. You don't


use it. You don't touch it. You don't


click it. Um this is a cool hardware


project that I did. I have this running


on my desk over there. So, it's like a


face for open claw and if a gateway dies


or something happens, it's going to go


dead and it's going to beep to fix it.


So, it's like a little Tamaguchi open


claw. Uh, this is my crazy vision of


like getting a Roomba and just putting a


tablet or a GoPro on it. Uh, oh, okay.


So, that's a screenshot from Tinkerers


Club. We do like meeting twice per week


and we have all of these people


discussing u open clause, self-hosting,


automation, LLM, coding. when new models


drop like OBUS and Codeex, we hop up on


a call and we have like a um priority


meeting, however you call it, to like


discuss what's new in


and uh yeah, people I I think I have a


link here and people can even use this


code. This was the last slide at the


meetup that I g to and there's like a


discount code for 20% off. If you want


for your audience, we can give like a


specific discount instead of using this


particular one. So just on the shank


here and


>> well kids I don't think if my brain can


recover for that


>> I know I know I know


>> now that was amazing and that's really


what I expected from you like just all


this idea all this crazy thing that we


can build now with open cloud and all


these possibilities like that's what I


wanted to share and I'm happy that you


came here to share that because that's


really the vision like what's going to


happen and what you're already building


is Crazy. When did you start actually


just to know like using open cloud the


first time?


>> I was one of the first users but around


September I tried to build I had a


version of my own open claw. I just


never connected it to telegram and [ __ ]


So I was kind of preparing my skills and


stuff. So when open claw came I was


ready to move my skills from cloud code


to open claw. And that's why I had so


many use cases ready because I figured


out wait cloud code can be used for more


than code. And that's basically open


clock. It's like a thin layer on top of


harnesses to do AI things for for you.


>> Well, K, thank you very much for coming


here. I think we'll have to again soon.


And uh


>> you should come on on my podcast so you


have a chance to talk because I didn't


know I didn't learn anything about you


and how you do things. So hopefully I'm


going to give a chance to talk


>> and I will come then and uh yeah I will


put all the link in the description


everything you talked about Tinker Club


of course and if you want to learn more


go watch his YouTube channel it will be


linked in the description as well and


that's it. Thank you very much.


>> Thank you so much man. Appreciate it.